# What Could Possibly Go Wrong?

Meyad Golmakani
Sam Brownstain
Lucas Curtin
Jad Sbai


This project aims to take out the tedious admin for customers when applying for car insurance by having a full relevant profile on the parachain that the insurance companies can be allowed to access. By allowing the car insurance companies to access their data from multiple sources (local government, medical profile, bank, university, credit agencies, car manufacturer) they can quickly offer an informed and fair premium. Parking history, travel times and travel locations can be accurately and reliably sourced from smart car data companies such as Tesla that the customer has a right to. The main appeal to insurance companies is ensuring the data they receive is through a verified and streamlined process. This allows them to employ less people in customer care in call centres allowing them to provide more accurate premiums at cheaper prices than traditional competition. The benefit for customers is avoiding lengthy form applications and calls but also letting good drivers keep their insurance low. For example, if an elderly driver still maintains good eyesight and reaction times as reflected in their medical profile - they can avoid the hike up that is often seen for older drivers in the current insurance industry. This will all be achieved by building a chain for the open communication of the customer’s messages but not with a permanent slot. Instead a parathread will be used to bid for temporary slots to send the customer’s messages. This will be funded by a treasury pool of DOT, largely paid for by the insurance company who will see a large increase in profits due to the complete data profile available but also partially by the customer. This project has wide applications to other forms of insurance such as health, life, house, travel and phone. This can also improve how credit scores are calculated allowing customers to receive more reasonable loan rates for example their first home. Another avenue is for customers to have their data also sent to their own wallets in Moonbeam with the use of OceanOnda V4 integration. This will allow them to have complete control of their own data, even being able to issue tokens to license their data in the future under their control.
